c:\users\amadi.ev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyKinéApp\MyKinéApp\bin\Debug\MyKinéApp.exe.config
c:\users\amadi.ev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyKinéApp\MyKinéApp\bin\Debug\MyKinéApp.exe
c:\users\amadi.ev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyKinéApp\MyKinéApp\bin\Debug\MyKinéApp.pdb
c:\users\amadi.ev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyKinéApp\MyKinéApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\amadi.ev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyKinéApp\MyKinéApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\amadi.ev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyKinéApp\MyKinéApp\obj\Debug\MyKinéApp_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\amadi.ev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyKinéApp\MyKinéApp\obj\Debug\MyKinéApp_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\amadi.ev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyKinéApp\MyKinéApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\amadi.ev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyKinéApp\MyKinéApp\obj\Debug\MyKinéApp.g.resources
c:\users\amadi.ev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyKinéApp\MyKinéApp\obj\Debug\MyKinéApp.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\amadi.ev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyKinéApp\MyKinéApp\obj\Debug\MyKinéApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\amadi.ev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyKinéApp\MyKinéApp\obj\Debug\MyKinéApp.exe
c:\users\amadi.ev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyKinéApp\MyKinéApp\obj\Debug\MyKinéApp.pdb
c:\users\amadi.ev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyKinéApp\MyKinéApp\obj\Debug\Connexion.g.cs
c:\users\amadi.ev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyKinéApp\MyKinéApp\obj\Debug\Connexion.baml
c:\users\amadi.ev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyKinéApp\MyKinéApp\obj\Debug\Calendar.g.cs
c:\users\amadi.ev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyKinéApp\MyKinéApp\obj\Debug\Calendar.baml
C:\Users\amadi.EV\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MyKinéApp\MyKinéApp\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\amadi.EV\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MyKinéApp\MyKinéApp\bin\Debug\Google.Protobuf.dll
C:\Users\amadi.EV\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MyKinéApp\MyKinéApp\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
C:\Users\amadi.EV\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MyKinéApp\MyKinéApp\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
C:\Users\amadi.EV\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MyKinéApp\MyKinéApp\bin\Debug\Google.Protobuf.xml
C:\Users\amadi.EV\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MyKinéApp\MyKinéApp\obj\Debug\W_Patient.g.cs
C:\Users\amadi.EV\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MyKinéApp\MyKinéApp\obj\Debug\W_Patient.baml
C:\Users\amadi.EV\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MyKinéApp\MyKinéApp\bin\Debug\AM.Widget.pdb
C:\Users\amadi.EV\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MyKinéApp\MyKinéApp\obj\Debug\MyKinéApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\amadi.EV\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MyKinéApp\MyKinéApp\bin\Debug\AM.Widget.dll
